this girl tied the robber to a chair
then tricked him into taking an unknown
pill
he took it stupidly and thought it was a
painkiller and then his face became red
and he felt so difficult to breathe
she stuck the tape on the man's face he
fiercely fought back
what the hell did he do to end up being
like this her name is melinda
works at a gas station and sheila her
colleague is a super hot girl
that desheila was practicing her hip
muscles melinda saw that from behind
she also tried it unexpectedly sheila
took out her phone to take a picture and
mocked her
sheila said that being ugly like you
would end up being lonely for the rest
of your life
now an old man comes he looked at
melinda and asked if sheila still
remembered him
melinda looked and then approached him
she was not expecting someone would care
about her
but the man doesn't care about melinda
he wants to give sheila a gift
sheila was fed up with the old man she
was way out of his league
he was disappointed so melinda chased
after him
she said that the shoe pad was the same
size as her but he didn't care about
melinda
a man with a gun got out of the car he
went into the store
melinda saw a handsome guy so he said
hello he was sickened with melinda's
look
and he picked up his gun but then he saw
a police car and immediately rushed into
the store
he was the man melinda had a crush on
for a long time
by the time the police went into the
store the thief has escaped into the
toilet
melinda secretly took a picture of him
that was caught by sheila
she was so scared that she dropped her
phone the police was called right the
time he was picking her phone
but sheila took melinda's phone instead
and said that she was going to look at
the picture that night
melinda's appearance was so disgusting
even the taxi driver couldn't handle it
melinda felt offended she ran out to cry
after calming down
she went and when the robber started to
act sheila did not cooperate
but unexpectedly melinda happily handed
a bag she even flirts with the guy
when sheila was secretly writing a
letter on paper melinda snatched it away
then she talked to the robber she really
wanted to run away with him
the robber did not get what was going on
he immediately took a bag
before he left sheila mocked him she
said the guy was useless a man could not
stand here in that
he couldn't help it he ran over and
grabbed sheila again
commanding melinda to close the door he
dragged sheila into the toilet
not knowing what he was going to do
melinda outside heard a tragic sound
took out a hot cup of coffee from the
machine went to the toilet
and threw it in the robber's face he
screamed she smacked him in the head
with a fire extinguisher and sheila was
also shot dead
the bandit regained consciousness and
found himself tied to a chair
but she had settled melinda's body in
her bloodstains she was cold
she asked why the robbers didn't take
her away the bandit was stunned
then changed his way of saying that he
has a huge debt he did not want to drag
melinda down with him
she asked why he did that to sheila he
said that just because of his anchor
a girl like sheila could not compare to
her when melinda heard that
she was deeply touched she took out
painkillers for him to drink who would
so
under the booth she started to cry
saying that sheila was picked up by a
man
she described the robber then he became
furious and went out
she came to the backyard she took a
shovel to dig a hole
but now a convoy arrived melinda
immediately took out her gun
who would expect that everyone there
also has guns the boss saw the cameras
so they didn't cause trouble yet they
moved but also told melinda to turn off
the cameras
then she took a gas can she was going to
burn this place to the ground
then the police came she immediately hid
the can it turned out he was here to the
other guy
he said he was worried about her safety
but melinda went through a lot of things
she didn't believe any man who cares
about her she smiled
after he left she went to see the robber
unexpectedly the robber got away
she poured gas on the body in the store
corner filled with gasoline she picked
up a gun but the gun was full of gas
she cleaned her hand and was about to
use a lighter suddenly the lights went
out
she ran to push the door took out the
key but could not open it
now the robber appeared she hid in a
corner did not dare to make any sound
he came to her to find the money melinda
took out a lighter to threaten him
by the time sheila's boyfriend came in
time the thief ran out from the back
door and met him
he said that melinda arrested him and
killed sheila but melinda said it was
the robber
the robber strangled him and then put
the gas pump in his mouth
melinda took the phone to call the
police the robber crashed the car into
the store
he slowly walked in melinda said
fearfully that the bag was on the stall
he took the bag and looked at melinda
and point his gun at her
he hated this girl he had to kill
someone because of her
and she even forced him to do stuff she
just wanted to find someone she could
count on because she is over 30 years
old and still has no boyfriend
no one cares to protect her the robber
took a shot but the gun was caught on
fire
and flames burst to the ground also set
him on fire
melinda picked up the fire extinguisher
to save herself then ran out
but her legs were burned very soon the
police came he hugged the injured
melinda
he was very worried about her he said
that he had noticed her for a long time
it turned out he was the one remember
destiny is always by your side
no matter what you are or how you look